When you were in there just now, you weren't very powerful.
What? There are many tools prepared now.
sorry. Screwed you up twice,
And bullied you.
Yes, you screwed me twice.
So shouldn't you do your job well and continue to go in front of others?
No need, Mr. Lu.
Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu, you are good everywhere.
Just ask my wife to help me on the ground. Do you mean your lady?
Just wait a moment and the information will be ready.
This is your work station
You can work here from now on. Okay, thank you.
Next Jindu’s new democratically elected mahjong
Already started
The theme is gold
Everyone please tell us the design as soon as possible
Hang it in my travel box
It’s impossible to produce a work
Don't wait to use it